you're watching komo-tv 4 in Seattle
live from Seattle this is como news 4
good evening you're watching komo-tv 4
in cm
live from Seattle this is como news for
good evening
King 5 news is next 24 hours after the
Boeing break down each side stakes out
its position will go to the picket lines
to hear what the striking workers are
thinking and the Seahawks they're
thinking about what's wrong
live from Seattle
this is King 5 news
Joyce Taylor
new Gillis and rich Marion
afternoon live from Seattle this is the
Northwest most watched late type
newscast
with Don Porter Jeff Renner weather and
Tony Ventrella sports
this is King 5 news
good evening
Guerry justice Susan Hutchison Harry
wappler weather Wayne Cody sports this
is Western Washington's News Leader
Kairo Eyewitness News at 5:00
the FAA ordering inspections of 18 new
Boeing 737s Gary justice Aaron Brown
Harry wappler weather Steve Rabin sports
this is Western Washington's News Leader
Kiro news at seven good evening again
now Aaron Brown Harry wappler weather
Wayne Cody sports this is Western
Washington's local News Leader
Kiro news at 11
good evening again live from KST
Washington this is the ten o'clock view
good evening again